VAULT-22483: Audit `filter` docs (#24903)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/commands/events.mdx

Author: Update the events page to refer to our own now instead of Boundary

- `-filter` `(string: "")` - Filter expression used to select events to be sent
  through the WebSocket.

Refer to the [Filter expressions](/vault/docs/concepts/filtering) guide for a complete

> list of filtering options and an explanation on how we evaluate filter expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list of filtering options and an explanation on how Vault evaluates filter expressions.
```
Style correction: refer to the specific product/service/etc that takes action. Avoid generalizations like "we" unless speaking about things we (as people) do.
